Patch 1 (#1250)
okonet/lint-staged: README.md

> - **`--diff`**: By default linters are filtered against all files staged in git, generated from `git diff --staged`. This option allows you to override the `--staged` flag with arbitrary revisions. For example to get a list of changed files between two branches, use `--diff="branch1...branch2"`. You can also read more from about [git diff](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-diff) and [gitrevisions](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitrevisions).

Reviewer: Maybe we can mention that this disables stashing by default:

```suggestion
- **`--diff`**: By default linters are filtered against all files staged in git, generated from `git diff --staged`. This option allows you to override the `--staged` flag with arbitrary revisions. For example to get a list of changed files between two branches, use `--diff="branch1...branch2"`. You can also read more from about [git diff](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-diff) and [gitrevisions](https://git-scm.com/docs/gitrevisions). This option also implies `--no-stash`.
```

- **`--diff-filter`**: By default only files that are _added_, _copied_, _modified_, or _renamed_ are included. Use this flag to override the default `ACMR` value with something else: _added_ (`A`), _copied_ (`C`), _deleted_ (`D`), _modified_ (`M`), _renamed_ (`R`), _type changed_ (`T`), _unmerged_ (`U`), _unknown_ (`X`), or _pairing broken_ (`B`). See also the `git diff` docs for [--diff-filter](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-diff#Documentation/git-diff.txt---diff-filterACDMRTUXB82308203).
- **`--max-arg-length`**: long commands (a lot of files) are automatically split into multiple chunks when it detects the current shell cannot handle them. Use this flag to override the maximum length of the generated command string.

> - **`--no-stash`**: By default a backup stash will be created before running the tasks, and all task modifications will be reverted in case of an error. This option will disable creating the stash, and instead leave all modifications in the index when aborting the commit. Can be reenabled with ``--stash`

Reviewer: Minor adjustment:

```suggestion
- **`--no-stash`**: By default a backup stash will be created before running the tasks, and all task modifications will be reverted in case of an error. This option will disable creating the stash, and instead leave all modifications in the index when aborting the commit. Can be re-enabled with `--stash`
```
